
NEW CHUNK
Amongst the millions of artists and singer-songwriters, there’s one that I fondly never forget. In which that title goes to, Juice WRLD (or known in real life as Jarad Anthony Higgins). With 100+ songs available to the public throughout his short lifetime (~2,900 unreleased), I firmly believe each one has/will affect(ed) millions of people each, including myself. Recently surpassing 38 billion streams, his influence continues to grow to this very day, well after his sudden passing on December 8, 2019, from an acute oxycodone and codeine intoxication. But his passing hasn’t halted his legacy; all of his music and memories that he’s left behind have only strengthened his image, making himself a true legend.

Unfortunately, I didn’t discover Juice WRLD until a few years after his passing. But, in late 2021, I first heard his song “Empty” from the Death Race for Love. I was absolutely hooked with his dreamlike, fluid, and catchy lyrics paired with amazing instrumental beats. Even though I couldn’t relate to any of the experiences expressed through Juice WRLD’s lyrics, I still felt a connection to the artist. Someone that I could respect for what he stands for—an inspiration.

Out of these 44, my favorite song would have to be “Flaws and Sins” from the Death Race for Love. Every aspect of the song is perfect in my eyes, from the lyrics to every note.

Juice went through a lot throughout his life, from many ups and downs. He pushed through to find what he loved most—to be on that stage in front of his fans. He preached, "this world is your world ... you can do whatever you put your mind to ... nobody on this earth is perfect ... everybody has their flaws; everybody has their dark secrets and vices"

— Juice WRLD (Jarad Anthony Higgins)

It doesn’t matter what others think; what matters is to pursue something of love. Oftentimes fighting through the inner demons, crunched on the death-bound race for love, what lies on the road ahead is your future, alongside the looked-up-to legends that never die. Reminding us that the party never ends and that we must be mindful of the farewells—both ‘goodbye’ and ‘good riddance,’ even if the world is fueled on drugs.

Death is something that is inescapable. Everyone has a final date, no matter how advanced the world will become. Sometimes, that final date occurs much faster than expected. With Juice WRLD, this happened to be the case, but that doesn’t mean his legacy died right then and there. Juice had done incredible things during his short 21 years of life, bringing up others with his music. He supported many other artists and gave something back to his community—a way to keep going. He was a key example that even when the cards were against him, that success was near. Even if his life had hardships and addictions, he pushed through to enjoy what he loved most. Many people reciprocated this appreciation through many channels, especially after his passing. It goes to show that anything is possible, and what he did as resonated with his millions upon millions of fans acrost the globe. His memories are forever ingrained within his music; it’s almost like he lives within it.

No matter what you think of Juice WRLD, you have to admit that his music represents his willpower to keep going, to push forward, to showcase what he truly loved from his younger years. His lyrics shine in what he wanted to present to his audience, in which many people could connect through, to appreciate, to value, to love. His music has and will be listened to for many years to come, and what he did when he was around has affected and been appreciated by many. Personally, if I had to meet one person, it would be Juice WRLD. To hear his story, values, and dreams is something I wish I could hear.

The way he went about living life is so unique, and his music reflected every bit of that. Juice is somebody who wanted to share his experiences with others, and seeing what the communities have done for him is amazing. I’m sure his mom is grateful for the amount of support that has come, and I wish I could personally speak with her and better understand her perspective of Juice WRLD. Regardless, in my book, and many others, he’s well established himself as a legend.

As the common saying goes, legends never die. Juice WRLD is somebody that will be with us forever. A man of culture, someone who pushed through to achieve his dreams. In which he did, in a pretty impressive amount of time, even with the world’s unexpected events, Juice WRLD has survived it all. I, personally, wish his family all the best, and I hope the fans can keep enjoying his music. As his image, actions, and presence are still with us. Long Live Juice WRLD.
